Data/README.md, before:

# Data Structure / Repository

This folder contains all the datasets used in this project. The table below lists all the data sources with their descriptions and a clickable link to where we obtained it:

| Dataset       | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
|[Vision Zero Data](https://www.dcvisionzero.com/maps-data)| The official website Vision Zero. The site contains the data related to Vision Zero.  |
| [Vision Zero Safety](https://opendata.dc.gov/datasets/DCGIS::vision-zero-safety/explore?location=38.911736%2C-77.034535%2C12.25)  | This dataset supports the Vision Zero Initiative and comes from a web-based application developed to allow the public to communicate the real and perceived dangers along the roadway from the perspective of either a pedestrian, bicyclist or motorists.|
|[Crashes in D.C.](https://opendata.dc.gov/datasets/crashes-in-dc/explore?location=38.893689%2C-77.019147%2C12.00&showTable=true)|This dataset represent the crash locations associated along the District of Columbia roadway blocks network. A companion crash details related table also exists for download.|
|[Crash Table Data](https://opendata.dc.gov/datasets/DCGIS::crash-details-table/explore)|This table is a companion to the Crashes in DC layer. It is a related table containing details for each crash such as methods of transportation, some demographics for persons and injury types.|

Commit message:

Updated Read ME
Added Automated Traffic Enforcement Data

Data/README.md, after:

# Data Structure / Repository

This folder contains all the datasets used in this project. The table below lists all the data sources with their descriptions and a clickable link to where we obtained it:

| Dataset       | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
|[Vision Zero Data](https://www.dcvisionzero.com/maps-data)| The official website Vision Zero. The site contains the data related to Vision Zero.  |
| [Vision Zero Safety](https://opendata.dc.gov/datasets/DCGIS::vision-zero-safety/explore?location=38.911736%2C-77.034535%2C12.25)  | This dataset supports the Vision Zero Initiative and comes from a web-based application developed to allow the public to communicate the real and perceived dangers along the roadway from the perspective of either a pedestrian, bicyclist or motorists.|
|[Crashes in D.C.](https://opendata.dc.gov/datasets/crashes-in-dc/explore?location=38.893689%2C-77.019147%2C12.00&showTable=true)|This dataset represent the crash locations associated along the District of Columbia roadway blocks network. A companion crash details related table also exists for download.|
|[Crash Table Data](https://opendata.dc.gov/datasets/DCGIS::crash-details-table/explore)|This table is a companion to the Crashes in DC layer. It is a related table containing details for each crash such as methods of transportation, some demographics for persons and injury types.| |[Automated Traffic Enforcement](https://opendata.dc.gov/datasets/automated-traffic-enforcement/explore?location=38.894716%2C-76.562079%2C10.57)|The Automated Traffic Enforcement (ATE) is a division of the District Department of Transportation (DDOT) that uses photo enforcement cameras as one of traffic calming measures to enforce traffic laws, and to reduce violations at DC’s streets and most intersections.|
